moving deeper into northern and southern
Gaza the Israeli military has re-entered
the densely populated city of jabalia in
the north it says the new offensive is
to prevent Hamas from reestablishing its
capabilities but the body bags piling up
are of
civilians what do they want from us they
are killing us and our children shame on
them what can we do we are staying on
the streets we're being
slaughtered as Israel deploys its
soldiers back into the north its attacks
in the South are intensifying by the
hour more than 35,000 Palestinians have
been killed since October and Israeli
forces are inching closer towards a full
scale assault in Rafa an offense of the
un's human rights Chief says cannot take
place I can see no way that the latest
evacuation orders much less a Full
Assault in an area with an extremely
dense presence of civilians can be
reconciled with the binding requirements
of international humanitarian law and
with the two sets of binding provisional
measures ordered by the international
court of
justice many Palestinians have been
forcibly displaced once again and told
to go to an area Israel is calling a
humanitarian Zone but Aid agencies say
the only thing waiting for them is a
lack of shelter sanitation water and
food Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer